feat: add new system event in v3.6 (#1560)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/messaging/agent-chat-api/changelog/index.mdx

- The [**Thread**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.6/data-structures/#threads) data structure has a new `customer_visit` field.
- The [**agent_disconnected**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.6/rtm-pushes#agent_disconnected) push has a reason for disconnection, `role_permissions_changed`.

### Events

> - The [**System event**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.6/data-structures/#system) was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new structure for the [**System**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.6/data-structures/#system) event has been added.
```
